Alice was beginning to get very tired of sitting by her sister on thebank, and of having nothing to do. Once or twice she had peeped into thebook her sister was reading, but it had no pictures or conversations init, "and what is the use of a book," thought Alice, "without pictures orconversations?"So she was considering in her own mind (as well as she could, for theday made her feel very sleepy and stupid), whether the pleasure ofmaking a daisy-chain would be worth the trouble of getting up andpicking the daisies, when suddenly a White Rabbit with pink eyes ranclose by her.There was nothing so very remarkable in that, nor did Alice think it sovery much out of the way to hear the Rabbit say to itself, "Oh dear! Ohdear! I shall be too late!" But when the Rabbit actually took a watchout of its waistcoat-pocket and looked at it and then hurried on, Alicestarted to her feet, for it flashed across her mind that she had neverbefore seen a rabbit with either a waistcoat-pocket, or a watch to takeout of it, and, burning with curiosity, she ran across the field afterit and was just in time to see it pop down a large rabbit-hole, underthe hedge. In another moment, down went Alice after it!The rabbit-hole went straight on like a tunnel for some way and thendipped suddenly down, so suddenly that Alice had not a moment to thinkabout stopping herself before she found herself falling down what seemedto be a very deep well.Either the well was very deep, or she fell very slowly, for she hadplenty of time, as she went down, to look about her. First, she tried tomake out what she was coming to, but it was too dark to see anything;then she looked at the sides of the well and noticed that they werefilled with cupboards and book-shelves; here and there she saw maps andpictures hung upon pegs. She took down a jar from one of the shelves asshe passed. It was labeled "ORANGE MARMALADE," but, to her greatdisappointment, it was empty; she did not like to drop the jar, somanaged to put it into one of the cupboards as she fell past it.Down, down, down! Would the fall never come to an end? There was nothingelse to do, so Alice soon began talking to herself. "Dinah\'ll miss mevery much to-night, I should think!" (Dinah was the cat.) "I hopethey\'ll remember her saucer of milk at tea-time. Dinah, my dear, I wishyou were down here with me!" Alice felt that she was dozing off, whensuddenly, thump! thump! down she came upon a heap of sticks and dryleaves, and the fall was over.Alice was not a bit hurt, and she jumped up in a moment. She looked up,but it was all dark overhead; before her was another long passage andthe White Rabbit was still in sight, hurrying down it. There was not amoment to be lost. Away went Alice like the wind and was just in time tohear it say, as it turned a corner, "Oh, my ears and whiskers, how lateit\'s getting!" She was close behind it when she turned the corner, butthe Rabbit was no longer to be seen.She found herself in a long, low hall, which was lit up by a row oflamps hanging from the roof. There were doors all \'round the hall, butthey were all locked; and when Alice had been all the way down one sideand up the other, trying every door, she walked sadly down the middle,wondering how she was ever to get out again.Suddenly she came upon a little table, all made of solid glass. Therewas nothing on it but a tiny golden key, and Alice\'s first idea was thatthis might belong to one of the doors of the hall; but, alas! either thelocks were too large, or the key was too small, but, at any rate, itwould not open any of them. However, on the second time \'round, she cameupon a low curtain she had not noticed before, and behind it was alittle door about fifteen inches high. She tried the little golden keyin the lock, and to her great delight, it fitted!